** = BOLD


Q: How will COVID-19 affect voting in California?
A: In light of the Covid-19 pandemic, California Governor Gavin Newsom ordered that *all registered California residents will receive a mail-in ballot.*
 However, if voters prefer to vote in person, *polling places will be available.* You can find your polling place information 2-4 weeks before the election
 here.

Q: When is the registration deadline for the November general election?
A: Voters must register in California at least *15 days* before the upcoming election.
 The last day to register to vote in the November 3, 2020 general election is
 *October 19, 2020* (if mailed, must be postmarked by end of day).
 Anyone eligible can register online.

Q: What happens if I miss the registration deadline?
A: Although not ideal, if you miss the October 19, 2020 registration deadline
 to register or update your voter registration, don’t worry.
 *Eligible voters in California (see above) can complete the registration
 process and vote at their local county elections office, polling place,
 or vote center within 14 days of the election.* These ballots will be counted
 once the state verifies the voter registration of these voters. Go
 here
 for a list of early voting locations where you can complete the
 Same Day Voter Registration Process. Or, register at your polling place on Election Day.

Q: Am I elgible to vote?
A: ALL of the following must be true to be eligible to vote:
 
US citizen and resident of California. More information for military personnel and those living overseas
     here.
18 years or older on Election Day (November 3, 2020).
Not currently in state or federal prison or on parole for the conviction of a felony.
   More information here.
Not currently found mentally incompetent to vote by a court.
   More information here.
   
*Formerly incarcerated individuals who are no longer on parole, or are now “off paper,” are eligible to vote in California.

Q: What do I need to bring with me on Election Day?
A: In most cases, voters in California don’t need to show a form of identification to a poll worker before voting.
 However, if you are voting for the first time after registering to vote by mail and did
 not provide your driver license number, California identification number or the last four digits of
 your social security number on your registration form, you may be asked to show a form of
 identification when you go to the polls. 
 *Be sure to bring identification with you to your
 polling place or include a copy of it with your vote-by-mail ballot.* 
Please bring one of the following as a form of ID:


     A form of photo identification, such as:
     
Driver’s license or identification card from any other state
Passport
Employee ID card
ID card provided by a commercial establishment
Credit or debit card
Student ID
Health club ID
Insurance plan ID
Public housing ID



     OR a copy of one of the following documents:
     
Utility bill
Recent bank statement
Paycheck or government document including a check that shows the voter’s name and address
The sample ballot booklet you received from your county elections office
Another document sent to you by a government agency

Q: Can I get time off of work to vote?
A: Yes, under California law employers are required to provide time for employees to vote.
 Specifically, every voter is entitled to 2 hours to vote at the beginning or end of their shift depending on which
 gives the employee most time to vote and takes least time off work. This time is paid up to 2 hours.
 If you plan on voting during the workday, *voters must give their employer at least 2 working days notice
 in advance of the election of their intention to vote during work hours.* 
 See more
 here.

Q: Where can I find translated information about voting?
A: Information about voting can be found on the State of California’s website in 9 languages! 
 
Spanish
Chinese
Hindi
Japanese
Khmer
Korean
Tagalog
Thai
Vietnamese

